Fixing bug QSVT wire order (#5959)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* The `qml.PrepSelPrep` template is added. The template implements a block-encoding of a linear 
  combination of unitaries.

>   [(#5756)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5756), [(#5987)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5987)
> 

Author: ```suggestion
  [(#5756)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5756)
```

* The `qml.PrepSelPrep` template is added. The template implements a block-encoding of a linear 
  combination of unitaries.

>   [(#5756)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5756)

Author: ```suggestion
  [(#5756)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5756)
  
```

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * `qml.QSVT` was not storing the order of the wires correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `qml.QSVT` is updated to store wire order correctly.
```

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

* `qml.QSVT` is updated to store wire order correctly.
  [(#5959)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5959)

* `qml.AmplitudeEmbedding` has better support for features using low precision integer data types.
[(#5969)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5969)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

* `qml.QSVT` is updated to store wire order correctly.
  [(#5959)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5959)

* `qml.AmplitudeEmbedding` has better support for features using low precision integer data types.
[(#5969)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5969)

<h3>Contributors ✍️</h3>

This release contains contributions from (in alphabetical order):

> 

Reviewer: Why these blank lines are added?

Author: removed

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
